Tien (Eric)'s project diary:
1. Saturday, September 12: Create the C++ file and test the ability to add activities, after a long discussion and ideas about how it should be. Try to put out on the screen the activities.
On this day, I also chose 5 different activities that are "common" and have different k values.

2. Monday, September 15: Write about the input of hours and validate the input (hour (in minutes)) to be an integer, write a try-catch block to handle some exceptions.
Limit the minutes from 0 to 1440. 
Did have an idea about the loop for retype in the values if the typed-in value did not match the requirements. 
[Done September 17, for decision (type in more than one activity at a time), re-type invalid weight, minutes] 
Discussed the tasks mentioned in class.

3. Tuesday, September 16: Write the 1st idea about how the rewardPoint function should be. Thinking and trying about the rounding of the rewarded points. 
Noted the ideas about ranking the points.

4. Wednesday, September 17: 
Write the 1st draft about the pages and tasks that need to be done for the project.
Finishing the ideas about the points, rounded points, and adding points to the original point system of the user. 
Divide points into original points, rewarded points, and new total points.
Write the do-while loop for the input of weight and hours (in minutes):  do-while when the type-in value is correct, but out of range, and the type-in value is not in a correct form. 
Fixed the rounding problem when the user typed in float-type values of weight and minutes.

Noted, but not yet being specified, fixed the type-in decision that the user typed more achievements or not, but it works properly :D.
Noted and think about the possibility of typing in many activities at the same time  //need further discussion with the team about the UI. 
Think about the ideas of the limitation of points per date to reduce abuse of the system and reduce the negative health impact of overworking.
Think about the ideas that there's a reward point for a continuous day of work out/activities //need to discuss further.

---The need to download the "git" kit for easier downloading of project content.

5. Thursday, September 18: 
Basic HTML page for addArchivement.html page with fitness activities, "how long" length of time of fitness activities.
Try the HTML Direct Link and the JavaScript button to link to the Homepage.

6. Sunday, September 21:
Added "weight" variable for the HTML page.
Try to basically represent the Time in minutes and hours clearly.
Fix to block/disable the chance to click the default values.
Got the basic calculate button for the HTML page.
Constrain the weight variable with both textfield key-limit and the variable limit (0-1440 lb).

* Upcoming: 
The constant k that handles different fitness activities, maybe skip the calculate button and make it automatically calculate the point, adding the denominator for the point system algorithm/formulas.
Update the UI to be more synchronized (size, button, space between objects, and color of text and buttons).

6. Monday, September 22:
Centered the UI components.
Different k constant for each of the fitness activities.
Block the text fields and drop-down menus after performing the calculations.
Rounding and setting the constant that is used to divide in the code (5000).

*Upcoming:
Fixing some titles of the fitness activities.
Create a basic chart that stores the values of the archviments,
Expected to connect each of the profiles' account archives to that user only.

Try to divide the form and picture into different components of the HTML page.
Try to put the achievement on the table.
Finished chosen activities and the extra textfield for "how much weight you lift".
Try to fix the font type and size, and unify the color of the announcement.
Plan and tried to hold the picture in the absolute location on the page.

*Upcoming:
Try to input a maximum of 3 activities in the chart
Figure out how to sort the chart by reward points
Thinking about how to round the pound in decimal form into a whole integer.
Change the position of the next page and homepage button to the upper corner, while maybe add a direct HTML link in the lower corner of the achievement page.
Discuss the unity in background color, font type, color, and button names in the whole project.




