//Task that we discussed on Discord last week + Update in-class discussion on September 17, 2025.
/*Tasks included:
1. Website's UI: including 4 different pages: Login page, Main, Rank (Achievement chart), Add achievements page (Type in page), 
09/17 Update: 
+ Kasim had a basic login page. He talks about the need and possibility of creating a new username. 
+ Back and next buttons are the initial expectations to connect the pages of the website

2. Database for username and password (Coding or SQL, deciding)
09/17 Update: Mapping is expected to be used. Usernames and passwords are put into the map.

3. Homepage (ranking page) for achievements.

4. Add/edit/update records/achievements.

5. Create accounts for the website

6. Finish the UI of the login page.

(7). Admin page, where admins can view all the accounts.
09/17 Update: Expected to be developed later after the basic functions of the website have been done.

We agreed that on Wednesday, September 17, we will discuss the database storage methods.*/



-----------------------------DISCUSSION ON 09/17-----------------------------------------------------------------------
On 09/17, we also discussed the specified language that was used to create the UI: CSS and HTML. 
* About the task
- The need to divide the above general tasks into specific, smaller tasks is also mentioned.

* About the BTS code and activities
The change from the direct activities to more general "titles" (work out, cardio) of the activities is expected and discussed by Kasim and Eric. 
The basic code and the reward point system had been created, so the change in titles is not a huge problem. 
 + The file name "TestingThuatToanFitness.sln" had been uploaded to Eric's branch as a first draft for other team members to have a look and provide advice for updates and changes.
The need to compare the points and activities/groups is also mentioned, but it is just an initial thoughts that is still vague and need to be further clarified.

*About the process
The front-end is expected to be created first, letting the functions write later in response to the buttons and objects that have been created.
The basic code (type-in, reward points, and basic stuff about points and calculating them) and ideas can be found at Eric's personal (but public) project diary in Eric's branch.

* About the need for a domain and domain options
Discussed the need for a domain/free options and paid options. Google, WordPress, and also other options of free or one-month paid subscription.
If the decision is to pay for the domain, the agreed solution would be buying the domain and paying in the last month of the project.
The availability of ready-to-use UI (WordPress) is mentioned, Kasim prefers the team doing the basic UI without the need to use available templates.

* MISC
A cloud-based technique is mentioned, but no clear deep dive into talking about it.
Allow users to compare activities with a drop-down for easier/user-friendly.

On 09/17, tasks given create back button, create the create account button, username and password inputs, 
inputting them into the map. - Fabian

